Proposal: Define basic terms: "entity", "repository", "identifier", etc. (#245)
jakartaee/data: spec/src/main/asciidoc/repository.asciidoc

2. *Data Schema*: Abstractly, an entity or entity type serves as a schema for data. It defines the structure and properties of the data it represents. This schema can be as simple as a set of typed fields, similar to the relational model, or more structured, as found in document data stores. The schema can be explicitly defined, as in the case of SQL Data Definition Language (DDL) declarations for relational tables, or it can be implicit, common in key/value stores.

3. *Persistence and Representation*: Entities are associated with persistent data, meaning the data outlives any specific Java process utilizing it. Each persistent instantiation of the schema is distinguishable by a unique identifier. For example, a row of a relational database table is identifiable by the value of its primary key. In Java, these entities are represented as classes, referred to as entity classes. It's important to note that multiple instances of the entity class within a Java program can represent a single persistent instance of the schema.

> 4. *Provider Differentiation*: To maintain clarity and specify the desired provider when using Jakarta Data, it's recommended that applications do not mix Entity annotations from different models. This practice allows the Entity annotation to indicate the desired provider, especially in cases where multiple types of Jakarta Data providers are available. Repository implementations are designed to search for and support specific Entity annotations while ignoring others.

Reviewer: This softened the requirement providers rely on to avoid conflict into something that seems information rather than a requirement.

```suggestion
4. *Provider Differentiation*: To maintain clarity and specify the desired provider when using Jakarta Data, it's recommended that applications do not mix Entity annotations from different models. This practice allows the Entity annotation to indicate the desired provider, especially in cases where multiple types of Jakarta Data providers are available. A Jakarta Data provider must provide implementation of repositories for Entity types having the Entity annotations that it supports, ignoring Entity types only having identifiable Entity annotations that the Jakarta Data provider does not support. The latter are to be handled by other Jakarta Data providers that do support the other types of Entity annotations.
```
